from various computers and various parts of los angeles california i'm very proud to say that
Harmontown is now in session
hello everybody it's me your comptroller jeff b davis uh i'm sitting uh in a virtual double down
saloon in las vegas nevada because if i could uh go somewhere and not catch covid i would
certainly go there to catch all manner of social disease i'm very happy to be here with you all
thank you so much everyone who bought tickets the uh the the outpouring of support for this has been
very magical and uh am i getting a little teared up a little bit um you know what if i really
want to go full misty eyed and nostalgic just romantic daydreams and sunshine rainbows and
lollipops i think there's only one thing to do and let's bring out your game master you know him
you adore him uh you want to nestle inside him like like a like a like one of those russian dolls
let's bring out your game master mr Spencer Crittenden oh oh shit nestle in me bitch
what's up baby how's it going not much let's let's keep it rolling though no one wants to see me
you just know what we fucking do yes we do spencer i uh yes you got i you have the required
amount of paper towels but and back there in case uh if shit really fucking goes wild tonight
you are ready on on clean up patrol i'm on clean up duty yeah you're gonna clean up duty speaking
of cleaning up duty spencer in the picture uh behind me the men's room here at the drawing
room rather the double down in uh in las vegas nevada the happiest place on earth the bar not
not not the city uh the toilet paper is on a very heavy chain and it's the toilet paper is so gross
you'd rather just not use it um what should we do should we just sit why you got a lot of toilet
paper yeah i need it for things what we didn't tell people spencer is that this actually isn't
a Harmontown reunion it's basically a launch of our new podcast this is class we should get dan
come on where are you going let's let's let's let's welcome out the mayor of Harmontown uh his
his name is most of the title of the show and he is the most of the show's this let's bring out the
mayor of Harmontown dan i'm sorry uh mr batman we were we were i somehow you got invited into our
zoom green room we're looking for Dan Harmon oh sorry uh i am the night both with an n and a k
it works both ways i am the night in both ways i just found this in my closet here
oh shit it's me it was me the whole time why did you have that where'd you get that uh i
my new assistant clara uh when she did this closet she was asking me what's your dream closet i was
like i would want to i want to be like bruce wane when i you know when i go into my closet in the
morning like i want to feel like like i'm getting ready you know to uh do important things and stuff
and so you know she did a bunch of cool stuff to the closet but um then to kind of as a flourish
she put a bat cowl up on one of the shelves and that's the first that's the first time it's been used
so you're sitting in one of your several walk-in closets and that's that's probably a good idea
you get nice audio in there probably yeah the the the clothes blocks the um stuff i can i can
heat myself up a little bit if you want and that could be lighting wise oh i thought you
meant like entertain i think you meant like entertainment wise like you're gonna you're
gonna heat it up i can heat it give me heat it up too that way i will in a second um i just
there's light that there's lights in this closet that uh they shoot straight down so when they're
on everything becomes very shadowy so i hope this is appropriate you look great i like the
fact that you're sitting you're sitting in a closet full of clothes and that you've you've
gone with this vanguly t-shirt you just kept it simple even though all of the options are available
to you well it's not yeah it's tragically it's one of the few shirts that fits me comfortably now
um yeah yeah yeah that that's that's the same with my dress shirts and my suits i've bought
suits and shirts over the years at very varying stages of beer belly so i've gone back to like
like like early two like two thousands so i'm breaking up some old some old some old classics
none of my pants fit basically i just have like a rotation of athletic shorts now and
like nothing else that i have is bottom wear fits it's it's a real issue uh it's it's no good
how has your pandemic been spent sir other than that you know what's been sad about the pandemic
is how little i've been affected by it it's like well this was what my life was like
and actually that is profoundly sad that's kind of like sadder than like it'd be like oh i can't
go to the gym like i used to it's like no this is this is about normal have the same basic amount
of contact with people you know and it's like man my life is just disgusting and empty and if it
ever comes back i should you know turn away from that pathetic lifestyle and try and live lead a
filling life going forward yeah that hit me for the first half of it when i was like oh i'm flourishing
that's really bad and then i so then i kind of ironically stopped doing a lot of the stuff that
i was doing pre-pandemic that would be totally pandemic compatible like working out on instagram
and stuff like that like everything just fell away because i kind of i think i think yeah i just
kind of went into a low energy mode or something but i've been feeling i've been feeling a comeback
i think i just go in cycles and stuff yeah um yeah well this is the show folks i mean it's
what it always was it's just people uh hanging out it's not really there's nothing nothing good about
it do you have any big rants built up from years off or are you getting those out in like the
writer's room or yeah what's what's what's what's what's got your hackles up over the over the last
so what's in the news dan that that's that's that you've you've got bones to pick or i uh i don't
really you know i don't really have anything i'm i'm really sorry to tell you that but that's good
news for our guests because then we don't have to they don't have to wait through some kind of like
supposed monologue that i had one thought about like uh you know uh i don't even think this is
gonna track but i i i you know i i keep joking with Cody like what are you gonna do leave me you
know like during the pandemic like it's it's kind of like and then i but it's a very real thing that
i keep thinking like you know you gotta get out in front of the pandemic ending because there's
gonna be there's gonna be like the i picture the street will be filled with pandemic suitors
like it'll be kind of almost a reverse ulysses thing where there's just gonna be all these
horny guys like flooding the streets and and kind of like call they're gonna know that they're
they're they can call out to like a city full of mistreated women um they're gonna they're they're
they're extroverts themselves and they've been like you know languishing indoors and not being
able to go to bars and hit on people and stuff and all of those people are gonna like run into the
streets like uh like milk and honey and then so it's like i think now is the time if you've been
kind of taking your lover for granted you should probably start pretending the pandemics over in
terms of how many times a week you shower and stuff like that yeah i i've i've i've let myself go i
put a suit on when i do one of these shows but i'm generally i've been wearing the same pair of jeans
i think since march and i put a suit on very very seldomly uh usually just for things like this
and it's the first time since i was like a little boy that i actually blew one of the knees out in
my jeans i have ripped jeans now apparently i've i've gone to scott bayo status uh during the
pandemic and i and uh it's it's it's not good i i there's two uh liquor stores in town that i i
don't even think they're happy to see me anymore i think they feel bad for me i walk in and keep
getting more for net bronca and they're like yeah it's okay they're like oh a great customer they're
like you need to fucking go to the gym and maybe you know see somebody i don't i don't go anywhere
i even know that i i yeah i don't uh there's a there's lots of people out there that are just
kind of splitting the difference i guess they're they're going places and doing stuff
so you know i i think i think i was exposed to it very early on because laura my ex-girlfriend
and uh and very good friend still uh we were in italy together and we thought that she got really
sick and we thought that she had west nile fever not west nile virus or west nile fever
and now looking back on it because it was i think december or january in uh january in italy
which became an instant hotspot for for covid that her symptoms were absolutely covid symptoms
and then i was with her the whole time so i think i was exposed to it and was asymptomatic and didn't
ever you know didn't really ever have it so i'm fucking bulletproof i'm the real matman here
here of course jeff's fucking immune to the coronavirus a fucking course yeah i've been
i've been out banging elderly people that old folks um since about april i'm still confused
about the rules though like for my understanding of it even pre-vaccine is well don't get it
don't risk getting it like like when people are like well if i get it all just uh i don't care
i should have a right to no it's not about you it's about you being an antenna for this thing
is going to kill an old woman you don't know and uh but my big question is uh what what what what
what's with the uh with the vaccine like if you get the vaccine i still i still don't understand
if i get vaccinated tomorrow can i still give can i still carry the yeah the the virus and then
give it to other people who are still gonna get sick because that that's that's that's pretty much
identical to not getting a vaccine as far as the vaccine it supposedly just kind of prevent
prevents a worse version of the illness so you could still get sick you could still be taken
out for like months but you probably won't end up at the hospital and have death i don't even
know how clear it is on like whether yourself or long-term effects like lung damage or whatever
you might still even get that but yeah it's definitely not ideal but it's supposed to
help prevent death which is the best you know the biggest thing but you can see guys i'm really
sorry i know i shouldn't be butting in right now but uh i think spencer is wrong about the vaccine
but i'll come in later and talk about it because i've read a lot about this okay i'd love to be
long i think we should bring yeah i have a couple of things to say about that too so uh but when
you guys are ready when you guys are ready keep keep okay we're just gonna finish this segment
we're just gonna finish this segment you guys are doing great we love you guys i can wait i just
wanted you to know i can wait okay big fan big fan yeah i mean we got we i've done what i wanted
to say on the show so i'm out later guys oh shit now we lie he's like a bird on a wire that fucking
guy oh no instant production value and then boom he's gone um uh why don't we bring out some of
our guests well i i think we should start just in a good old fashion uh fashion uh let's bring out
uh how do you introduce rob Schrab i just i think you just say rob Schrab is here everybody buckle
up your holy shit melts oh shit oh damn uh ro you're gonna weigh in on you're gonna weigh in
on the science of trans uh transmission after having the vaccination yes it's uh it's uh don't do it
i'm just never uh leaving again i i i can't wait for people to try to tell me hey we really
need you to come into work oh do you yeah i've got a year's worth of data to suggest
you're bluffing i'm pretty sure i don't you don't need me to come into work they announced
like this week that like snow days are a thing of the past for schools you know like so like the
days of kids waking up in the morning and going and the snow is coming down that they'll go yeah
it's snowing outside can't go outside but we'll see you at the at the same time guess guess we'll
guess we get to do 40 more minutes of math snow boy so i i grew up in l.a we had smog days we never
had snow days obviously and there were there were days where the smog was so bad that you weren't
weren't allowed to leave the classroom because you might i don't know like get uh mesothelioma
i don't know the fuck it was it was a lot of dragons a lot of dragons should we should we bring
out our should we bring out our extra guests or should we just make the audience salad with me
sure yeah if you've tapped everything you can get out of me in that short amount of time is that okay
well yeah go bring on the star i can't believe i can't believe the rob Schrab uh level of restraints
that you you issued rob you all throughout the first minutes of the show you always had the power
to turn on your mic or your video and be doing bits in the background dude i was sitting on my hands
i had a couple openings and i was like nope not gonna do it did you see my last my last note in
the chat room here i said like rob i think you should start doing some some bits in the background
i missed that no but then you jumped the gun and you you already started doing or
camille beat you to the fucking punch because camille uh is you know he's he's he strikes like
a cobra he's good he's good yeah yeah so he yeah jeff said that in the chat that's a lie
i only had one bit prepped and i just did it and everybody just fucking
gasoline what was the bit i didn't see this is the bit you told me this isn't funny i got
a hold on hold on i got a pin it i got a pin it hold on let me pin it i got a door full of uh
indiscriminately stored emmy's here like i'm treating emmy's like they're uh that's good that's
great that's great that's great your zoom window your zoom window is much too small it looks like
like the like a lot of like second grade trophies from like like like you know little league and
stuff like no it was funny come on it was good everybody maybe i'm not flourishing during the
pandemic maybe i need to get back out in the streets for my comedy to work i think that it's
amazing that your beard has grown almost perfectly to reach the edge of your your earbuds it's
perfectly framing you should it'd be great if you could take it off and go i don't know what
you're talking about if my beard gets any longer yeah the the earbuds will have to like they'll
like take the thing up when i when i put my shirt on in the morning it's kind of fun because i
look i go like oh i got a smaller beard and then that's what spencer looks like right now i'm used
to spencer having that long of a beard and it looks like he's tucked it in his blue screen uh
jumpsuit i shaved my whole ass beard i was clean shaven and i gotta tell you i didn't you shaved
your ass beard setting how long was it the whole thing the whole ass beard yeah my whole ass beard
right our next guest see i told you Schrab would take over fuck off you know everybody i want i
want you to take over i was doing a terrible job i i i really queefed it with that batman mask i i
don't i want to say i don't care but i do um you really queefed it with the batman mask
yeah is quick quick quick should be stricken from the parlance right yeah you queefed the
bed on the batman mask you really queefed it you queefed you queefed the pod you queefed the
zoom baby you really queefed in church on that one man yeah whereas you should have been shredding
the gnar you queefed to the bed you know guys our next guest would be a podcast gets even if they
weren't the george and martha washington of our podcast um they they've got reunion value and
regular guest value because they're prolific they're hot stuff they're
how damn it fucking people are paying for this let's bring them out i'll pull the trigger on this
we're very happy to have them and then when we we decided uh well i guess i decided and i i asked
the group would you guys want to do this reunion because i think people would enjoy it there was
no question about who the first people i would ask to have guests on the show and here they are um
i love them and i'm certain that you did too emily v gordon and kumail and nanjiani everybody hello
hello wow oh my god hi everybody how exciting look at all these beautiful faces
are you guys just emily you look like you just emerged from a very successful like 80s like uh
uh rock video you look fantastic that's correct that is correct i i was on a motorcycle i was
shaking around i did some stuff on a hood um i think it's gonna turn out well we'll see
yeah your hair your hair is tremendous you got this gauzy lighting it's very it's working
the gauzy lighting is because your camera lens is dirty probably watch this
on gauzy it'll get dream lighting what are you are you cleaning with your hair
yeah that was her shirt no they're animal print the top yeah it's not dream anymore dream lighting
are you guys in the same time zone as us and each other yeah she's right over the break on harming
town we want to we want to announce our divorce on the show i was gonna say like that we you know we
were like uh there's like boxes in the background or chamele's shot and it's like the word dishes
and it's written sarcastically they could just tell like you dumb dishes and we just occasionally
get glimpses in emily's background of a very hot yoga instructor guy with no shirt on with like a
man bun yeah he's bringing he's bringing her out like mango lassies and teas and stuff like that
yeah and i just have faces drawn on my walls that are my new friend
first of all i want to say uh sorry to butt in on the vaccine thing no i want to know i feel like
there has been uh it's been communicated so badly so poorly so the vaccines are really really
really really good people should take them they haven't like finished the studies yet but the
science says that when you have the vaccine you likely will not uh spread it and um uh
there was a thing came out today in israeli study that that 90 percent uh it reduces transmission
by 90 percent and they're gonna peer review it but the scientists are pretty confident that once
you get this vaccine you can't spread the virus either they neutralize it it's not just that you
don't have the effects uh you don't it's not just that you don't get the symptoms of it you it kills
the virus and when this is 95 effective that means the other five percent that get it have very
mild cases and nobody ended up in the hospital out of like tens of thousands of people when this is
serious case that was somebody who had like a fever for a week so these vaccines are amazing so i just
i feel everything he's saying is true but also now you see why we had to get divorced
he won't stop talking about this vaccine yes yes i always said camille was past the butter
and then anyway these these vaccines are really good guys we we got to get it i'm specifically
talking about Nanjianimax the vaccine it's my it's my go find me go to Nanjiani.tv.biz
we'll come to you we will come to you i've got the formula i just need the infrastructure to
produce millions of doses i've got five i took two bagel got three and we didn't deserve it
well that's good news and it is interesting how i mean like obviously i sometimes i think it's
kind of a fortunate thing that the disease dropped during the administration of the fake news guy
and that the problematic portion of our little melting pot like the kinds of people that even
before like way back in the way back we used to laugh at them because they were anti-vax
um like it's kind of nice that they were put in a position uh where they had to be like
what disease and then because now the vaccine rolling out which is going to inevitably be you
know it's not going to work right for everybody it's because there's going to be like big time like
like like you know it's a it's a life-saving vaccine that now has to be rolled out in a time
of crisis and like it could have been a real political like uh like catastrophe if it weren't
for the fact that it kind of got pre-lapped in i don't know sometimes i think it's nice how that
stuff works well something like 50 of people eligible to get the vaccine are refusing it so
it's not like this miracle rollout or everyone's buying into it right no i know i know i guess i
guess i yeah i'm not discounting that fact i didn't mean to imply that because of the timing of all
this all those people are going to be smart now or that they're going to take their vaccine
i just think i don't i'm not even sure quite what i'm saying i was hoping maybe you guys would
take it and turn it into a smarter thought i do think they should have they should have hired
a pr firm to like do some sort of like an information campaign about it which they didn't
even feel like there's been not enough yeah i do i feel optimistic that as more people get it and we
don't have side effects and transmission goes down and people see it's effective that vaccine
hesitancy will end but emily's right there should have been more work like hey these vaccines are
really really good instead of when you get the vaccine you're still gonna have to wear a mask
we've really queefed the back when it comes to like the pr on this rollout and the last place
you want to queef is the bed well i mean where is the first place yeah where do you want to queef
well in the renaissance they had those special like bird beak shaped things for the ladies that
were like they were they were filled with lilac and other herbs that were supposedly filtering the
water that's good i was going to say hot tub i think you want to queef the hot tub yeah it's
the perfect crime there's no victims it's a victimless crime honestly you're just helping
the hot tub do what it does yes you're basically like you're you're you're given a fist bump to
the jets you're like keep keep it going i like i like your style i got you i got you i have i
have another thought i was thinking today uh you know like 20 years from now even though 20 years
from now there probably won't be movies and tv as we understand it there'll be holograms and
pokemons and whatever but whatever the movies and tv of tomorrow whatever popular culture is and
there'll be people telling stories and there'll be archetypes in those stories like an archetype
20 years from now in certain stories will be the cancelled actor from the from the early 21st century
like like there'll be like there'll be like these characters in like uh movies where like like
there'll be like an older character and then there'll be like a kind of like fallen from grace
mentor and the person will be like what who are you what happened to you and then the like the
call to adventure or threshold will be somebody going like that's that's Olivia johnson she got
cancelled um back back in the cancellation days and like like it won't like it'll be like being
yeah it's like it won't the point won't be that she shouldn't have been or should have been but
the point will be that she she didn't get to be who she was or whatever and that's why she's such a
great acting teacher like whatever the roger rabbit reboot will be it's like instead of the dip
it'll be like the cancel um barrel the cancel me and they'll put that shoe in yeah you did the
squeaky shoes in the cancel barrel and oh fuck that prediction i disagree with but i can live with
that what are you what the fuck is that is that sriracha what the fuck you got there baby
are you drinking a baby that's like close to the camera or is it huge no no it's my water bottle
oh it's giving me gentle encouragement it's giving me gentle encouragement i don't know
if you could see it it's reverse on mine but it says only remember your goal that you got a lot
of work to do keep i know i'm way behind but that's because i'm fucking around with you guys yes and
and the very bottom the very bottom level says urinary tract infection you can drink too much
water no that's not true it is my grandmother was hospitalized for drinking too much water
i didn't even understand she was trying to win a switch for her kids and instead she died or a
we a nintendo we oh that's it that that works because when you drink a lot of water you we
right hello okay me man i hold it in quarantine's been tough no what you don't see on the bottom of
the Schrab's giant tub of water is there's a catheter that pumps as you're in right back into it it's
just a cyclical flow no that's not true keep chugging keep calling your goal feeling awesome
yeah i get feeling awesome you guys are gonna be so jealous when i finish this when i finish this
water when i get down to these mountains you guys are gonna be so jealous keep talking i'm
gonna finish it before the end of this podcast place your bets oh my god i would love for that
to happen okay but rob you rob you're you're not allowed just for you man Schrab you're i'll take
that bet but you are not allowed to get up and leave your chair at any time you have to stay in
the seat oh i'm 51 man this is gonna be awkward so do you guys open open question for the table
who identifies as an introvert versus an extrovert like and and have you noticed like
surely you've reconciled that with the pandemic have you ever have you gone like i i am languishing
here because i get my batteries charged by other people and it sucks versus you know and i like
spencer and i were talking about i had speaking for us two introverts i think like it's not like
you talk to spencer a lot like like no i haven't seen him and we're we've been on the phone we're
both introverts we haven't spoken a couple hours each day it's important to us to touch base you
know when did you talk to him the only reason we've seen we're seeing each other now is because
the one extrovert here decided we needed to do a reunion show because he's like a he's like a
fern planted on a desert this is a fucking guy hey literally your best friend okay because i don't
know if emily emily and kumail like i wouldn't know between the two of you like if one if either of
you or you know like it wouldn't shock me if you went emily's on the right emily what do you say
maybe for one of you i'm i'm definitely more of an introvert in that i like doing social stuff but
it makes me very tired and so similarly to spencer my life and i do most of my work at home so my
life did not change a lot when this started the only thing that changed was me being like i guess
i should like schedule a lunch with some friends because i think of everything like the stems
and i'm like regular contact that's how you keep your friends so you did so so i'd say you you
get you kind of forced yourself to do that like like like had like play dates and stuff
and i knew oh that's something you did before not during yeah no we haven't seen anybody yeah we
don't see anybody but before i would have to like force myself and i would still enjoy it like i
but like it would be like a it wasn't a thing that my heart was like i'm yearning for a lunch
with a friend um but i would always like it when i did it i think i never i never realized how much
of the part of me that would go out was doing it for fear of ostracization some kind of indirect
like just thinking like i don't want to be the person that everyone stops inviting to things
i don't want to it and it's not a case of whether or not that's good or bad or healthy or unhealthy
but it's just amazing to take all of that out of the spreadsheet and how much it was like
it didn't make me instantly happy um i don't wake up every day happier than i what yeah a little
probably like five ten percent happier like fucking pandemic rules but um just as a baseline but um
but but just like the amount of like it's just like weight off the shoulders like it's kind of
amazing to me and i think that's a healthy thing because i don't think my extroverted friends
would if i had ever told them that that was going on in my head the first thing they would have said
is don't do that to us or yourself don't be thinking that stuff like uh like we don't want you
making calculations about whether you should come join us at a bar and like you're thinking about
whether if you do your life or this or that like god damn we do it because we're extroverts and we
were extroverts and we have fun and now like if the pandemic has an end to it um like i can now
think clearly i think about like a little more clearly about who i am and what i want um and
not burden other people with my bullshit about like what what i'm trying to accomplish with them
can i can i disagree with you on one thing there all i said was my feelings no no no you
were saying that your that your friends probably are like no don't do it for us i'm not like that
i'm like whatever math you have to do to like come out and hang out with me i'm happy with that
same with Schrab you know like i would see Schrab at parties and then he would want to leave early
and i would guilt him into trying to stay because i i wanted to hang out with you guys because that's
how you go yeah i'll grab some guilt so come on are you are you an extrovert come on yeah if i had
to guess if i had to like wager on this i would say that you would have tilted slightly toward
introversion because that's most of my comedy friends tend like like especially stand-up
friends of mine there's a there's a little bit of an introverted part of you but are you are you
kind of both sides of that coin where do you follow that i would say you know uh if you define
introvert by where you get energy from i get energy from being alone or with emily at home like
watching movies and stuff and and hanging out at home but as emily said i do turn into captain
parties so there are sometimes when i'm when i used to be out where i would be like really like
emily was like oh no captain parties out and then i know i'm like gilting people into staying longer
and that kind of stuff so so it was really it was sort of extremes right emily yeah i would say so
but you i've at least taken like i'll take an outdoor walk with a friend every once in a while
you don't see anybody you got you yeah i i'm fully terrified of this thing and i i i have not seen
anybody really that's the thing i'm i'm really scared too but i think like dan i make those
calculations too but i think that they're like i do it because i know it's beneficial to me like
i'm not thinking like oh i should see friends because i don't want them to like think i'm not
around i do it because i'm like i know i'm gonna feel better if i like hang out with someone i like
i know i'm gonna and this isn't the before times and now i know i'm gonna feel better if i like
have a social interaction with someone but i'll be damned if i'm like really tired and don't
really feel like doing it but i i don't do the calculation that like it doesn't feel
sciency to me or like manipulative it just feels like oh i know i'm gonna like this but i'm not
gonna like it up until i get there yeah i mean we have the luxury of following our bliss and in
autumn and it actually intersects with like doing the right thing during a pandemic i i i want to
take this time to put some medals on some chests of some people that that are not in that category
my fiance could you know she's she is a you know on the on that on that whatever enneagram
test or whatever where you get your all your letters and stuff she's a campaigner i don't know
if she's you know she's she's she she recharges with me we hang out in bed we do all these things
but she definitely she she she gets she gets her energy charged by other people and she and uh and
her friend anna kendrick who uh uh like both of them same boat where they're like they're not they
probably don't even know who they are when they're not like hanging out with with with with people
and they regularly get tested because they have a regular hangout and then they and then sometimes
like one of them like their test doesn't come back because there's a windstorm or something and
whatever and they're like they're so committed to it that's actual sacrifice they're like following
their bliss and going like well we gotta we should hang out and but i'll as soon as i'm put up to
you know as soon as there's any test of my will i'll probably falter i like i had my friends over
for election night and like i stopped giving a fuck with i was like i i was wearing a mask when
they came to the door and i had put bowls of chips six feet apart and then it's like by the end of the
night we're just hanging out and like because i'm following my bliss really and it's easy to follow
during a pandemic and there are people out there who are like this fucking sucks but i'm really
going to do the right thing for other people and i'm there i really i'm really impressed by them
yeah is following your bliss being introverted to being okay with it or is following your bliss
being like fuck the pandemic put those chips together uh for well for and now i'm just well
following my bliss is like like i'm i'm i'm like lazy i'm like i'm i like i can following my bliss
will be like i was excited to set up for election night i was like dino and jeff are gonna come over
and i'm gonna i'm gonna it's like a designing a spaceship i'm gonna put the chips over here
and i'm gonna everybody will be able to not touch each other and the cups will be disposable and
all these things but that's because they're only like like there was only like you only had like
two other chairs like when you invited dino house is pretty small i don't know how many people he
could fit dance places it's cozy i would call it cozy yeah cozy yeah i've been there it's uh Schrab you
would never have left the house had you been asked yeah probably were asked yeah it's probably true
i feel like some of my friends who are intro to our introverts that feel guilted into being social
because they feel like that's the thing that you have to do just to not be ostracized or or
eliminated forgotten forgotten forgotten forgotten that they've gotten forgotten it's somebody got
forgotten that they've used they've used their their introversion and their their loved their
love of staying at home as though they really really are it's like safety freaks they don't
like it's like no no no no it's too dangerous to go outside and they're kind of wearing that like
a feather in their hat like they're doing the right things like no you're loving it you don't
never have to do shit yeah that's what i i i try yeah i try to police myself internally of like i
try to like uh are you doing anything difficult that's i like like when i early on when i would
see people on twitter like questioning the quarantine and all that stuff like like my initial reaction
to be like you fucking dick like how dare you that's the problem with this blah blah blah but um
you know and i like i have to remind myself like jesus christ like like like imagine this
sucking for people like when have you ever done anything harmon that hasn't been a
fucking blast for you uh if animation producer now it's a pandemic it's now you can abuse labor
while while you do woodwork in your garage with a fucking tony stark camera system like i i it's fun
like it's not i'm not it's it's it that doesn't mean that i'm not doing what i do for other people
but i always like have to check myself and go like if there's if there's a person out there
that's like i mean it's like i my mind is blown by like how how many people must be just absolutely
fucked in the ear and and if they're getting on twitter and going like you know in the in the
in a flurry of like people like shaming someone for not wearing a mask when they're jogging or
whatever the whatever's happening on twitter because people are engaging in their thing and
like you see some of these then these voices come up and the people that they're you know there's
this agenda to it where they're like that's 99% survival rate and you you you if you parse it
through just them wanting one thing or another to be true that you could get really mad at them
but then i think about like oh what if the what if they're just not socialized to say
this sucks for me like which the ironic thing is like if they would just say that and you see
that all the time in social media when people get broken down into using their eye statements on
accident they finally at the end of a big fight they start being personal and they say what their
deal is oh i'm an electrician and i was in vietnam and i got one leg and i have a thing and it's
like why didn't you just say that in the beginning and the answer is well because i was told that was
weak they sometimes don't connect them they're like well yeah my dad died three weeks ago but
that doesn't have anything to do with this and you're like oh it doesn't yeah does it not well
this is what's really impressive about emily you know so i've like fully turtled up i am terrified
like every night still i have dreams where i'm like i can't find my mask although now every now
and then there's there's nightmares of like when am i going to get the vaccine so hey things are
looking up but you know when we would go on a walk i am very guilty of like judging people and i'm
not think there's a good thing who don't wear masks so i'm that guy but emily will always like be like
well you don't know what their day is you don't know what's going on with them so emily's like this
she her empathy it feels she has like weaponized empathy she's doing it on purpose that bitch
it kind of feels like i'm like i wish you weren't so empathetic because then she's like i just want
to be angry at that person let me let me have this have you ever confronted anyone i was going
to get the postmates and Cody was like you never wear your mask and you're going to get the
postmates and i'm like oh yeah shit and i like i was like grabbed a mask to go out to get the
postmates and i i put the i didn't have a chance to put it on because like the postmates was already
pulling up and i did this thing that i thought was amazing where the guy got out of the car with
the food and as he was approaching me i waved my mask at him like it was a backstage pass
it's okay and took it like block it i was like like blocking it like i was more like i'm i'm cool
like i get it like it was like like i i i mean it was it was an unconscious move but it definitely
wasn't an unconscious like attempt to block the virus particles it was an unconscious like
don't worry about it i'm i'm i'm a mask guy like i'm i'm a you can trust me don't worry i own a
mask i know i'm friends with Ace Frehley's manager let me take this food and make me laugh on you
yeah no i spencer i have not yelled at anybody but i have gotten close and you can because you
have a mask but my mask actually has the lower half of my face printed on it so i think but kumail
this is interesting to me that you're are you so are you are you are you immunocompromised
in a amelie i am and that is where this is coming from so it's all like it's all
realizing i don't know this is really feels like Harmontown it does we're realizing you
know obviously for a year now emily and i have really spent all our time together and i feel
very very lucky that i'm with someone like emily and honestly a relationship has gotten stronger
and for the first time i've gotten some sort of insight people know and you know 12 years ago
emily had gotten really really sick she was in a coma all this stuff so she still has that condition
right 14 years this year but that's okay 14 years and we're realizing that both of us have some sort
of um ptsd from it like i don't want to like you know people who've been in wars and stuff i don't
want to but there certainly is trauma associated with it and we're realizing in this that this
virus is triggering certain things for me uh that make me it's kind of a bad thing it sounds like
i'm like ultra protective of emily to the point where it's not healthy for either of us
um and uh and so this pandemic has really like awoken awoken a lot of stuff and and i've realized
we've realized that uh you know the work that needs to be done um yeah it's it's yeah i mean
that's that's cody is the Kumail in the in this relationship because i'm i'm immuno compromised
i i i i i don't have the i knew early on i knew that that word was going to be like
the new autistic or whatever where it's like you're it's like people people self-applying it
we're gonna be i don't know i was like i better not tell anybody but like i i'm in a category of
person that if i get this thing like i could be one of those people that that you know that that
eats it and i i'm not one of the diaries that's one of the diaries one of the that's exactly what
i was thinking was like trying to move around his moving around um i could be one of the diaries
like that's interestingly like what if he if that was a quote from him like i just realized like
why he said that because it was like he the narcissism wants to get around things that are
bigger than it like you have to like you have to be anything but absorbed by something so he's like
i could be one of the and i was like i could uh be one of the people in the category that uh
shall we say terminates um but uh what it's it's it's the truth i mean my per my doctor it's like
i i can't get this thing and uh i don't have the same 99 percent whatever uh chance and i told that
to Cody early on and she's been i mean that's just mar you know she's just living in this world
she just put that in her head and is just living like that and the funny thing is like it's the
same i think similar to you and emily because i now look at my behavior and i'm like you don't
give a shit if you get this thing you're just hanging out but now i'm remembering like i was
like researching bleaches and things i was like do i was i was genuinely terrified
Cody Cody's like trying to keep me alive and then i cycled into this like you know what like
what is life really yeah you're you're waving masks at post-made people it's exactly like i
you get the vaccine do you do emily and dan do you get the vaccine before earlier because of your
condition emily does i'm in the next year yeah she's in the next one i assume you would meet you dan
yeah i i'm Cody keeps telling me like you can do this or that and i keep going going like i don't
want the vaccine i just why don't you want i well because i keep thinking like i'm i'm not going
anywhere anyway the bar's not open down the street fucking kumail left he's so disgusted with my
behavior i'm sorry i was trying to light up um that's much better i truly it's so selfish like i
just realized like i should be getting the vaccine for fucking Cody so she can relax yeah which is
so dan dan you uh you're not getting the vaccine because if you got the vaccine people would have
to say dan you have to come into work uh well not really it was more it's more because i honestly
a little part of me is like i don't want to go stand in line with a bunch of people that probably
have covid um i another part of it is like i i didn't i mean i'm glad kumail was a guest
tonight and could fill us in and the fucking like actually just across the board vaccine is but
like i was looking at the vaccine as being this confusing thing that was like i thought it was
for baby boomers to like keep them from literally dying and that was basically it it was like a
like a plug at the end of the herd immunity no it's for everybody i don't know i mean you know
under a certain age like under like for teenagers and kids i don't know i don't know for like for
people who are pregnant or or anything like that but but this is these vaccines are above and beyond
what we had hoped for we had hoped for 70 efficacy these are 95 percent like and 95 doesn't mean that
five percent of people get it what it means is you want this is oh i'm gonna go ahead this is
divorce me again um yeah okay i'll just say that okay so 95 efficacy doesn't mean that five percent
people are open what happens is if people are just like they're part of the study so half people get
the vaccine half people don't the people who don't get the vaccine 20 percent of them get covid so
then that's the baseline so 95 percent means it's not 95 percent of 100 it's 95 percent of 20 percent
so the number of people who get it isn't five percent it's much smaller than that it's like one
percent i think emily and uh and camille i mean i don't want to be like like a dick but uh i'm just
saying if one of you does get it we got a sequel to big sick we got big sick too and that's going
to be fucking you guys are easy yeah i think that's what camille's worried about i think that's the
work jeff uh i don't take this the wrong way but go fuck yourself well hopefully we'll win that
oscar if i get another coma all i gotta do is get another coma that's my nightmare now that's great i'll
add that i i i've given camille a new nightmare now for me if emily does go into another coma
camille you could play best fiends that's friends without an r best fiends it's a new game sorry i
just i hear they have thousands of levels i've been addicted ever since i started they're always
adding more i'm telling you trisha in marketing has been playing it and she loves taking care of
her little worm baby i don't know if i'm gonna make it and it's easy enough for them to understand
they're loving it more than i am is this okay rob you you may not leave the seats until that
judge i'm feeling i'm feeling it coming i'm gonna start when i start doing the
okay next topic uh so i finally started i used warby parker because there's a pandemic and i
needed new uh glasses so i got my i need a far prescription and a close prescription so a pair
of glasses came and i put them on and i everything in the distance was blurry and then i and everything
up close was clear so i labeled them uh uh well it says grass i i labeled them close and and then
i realized what are you doing because i don't know i don't have the words on it but i label
mine because you because you can't see him sometimes so then so then you know warby parker
like they don't they don't come all at the same time if you need multiples and then the next ones
came and i put them on and everything was blurry and then i put my hand in front of my face and it
was clear and i i had already lost these somewhere and i was like wait a minute the other ones are
the far ones uh that's crazy that i labeled them close and uh oh my god i gotta find those and
blah blah blah and then i finally found them and i put them on they're the same prescription warby
parker sent the same prescription for both things warby parker so i said to my assistant i said
claire they sent the same they sent two closest uh and she she texted me back and said they
they admitted their mistake they looked at their records they said uh that uh yeah sorry we sent
you the same ones but their records show them as sending you two of the far ones
i just thought it was really funny sorry this is what you get pandemic Harmontown
like they were almost gonna they're like oh sorry we fucked up we sent you two of the far ones no
you sent me none of the far ones warby parker you bastards well the way that's what it reminded me of
i did the best i wrote best fiends down that was a bit i was like people all like that that'll go
and then that reminded me of warby parker and you guys you guys know i love cereal but i'm
getting up in the years and i can't handle that sweet stuff that's why i love magic spoon you
know they only have two net carbs and no grams of sugar but it tastes just like the cereal i knew
and loved growing up in childhood they now have six flavors they have fruity blueberry
cocoa frosted and now they have these new flavors cinnamon and peanut butter i like the peanut
butter you know they actually ran out of peanut butter and but now it's back in print they print
cereal now use my 3d printed with nutrient nutrient paste and so that is my favorite flavor
of magic this is peanut butter so is this a real sponsorship or are you doing they have fruity
and blueberry yeah they have fruity and blueberry so so they will i i kamell i think spence is trying
to do a backdoor sponsorship here by being so good at doing a unsolicited ad that he's gonna get
free magic we we love magic spoon by the way and we're very aware that they ran out of peanut
butter it was the prices of this house yeah i haven't really problem is that peanut butter is the
most exciting to me magic spoons early funding was all built on nazi gold so you gotta take
you're gonna take the good with the bad on that one i don't believe magic spoons listening
not nazi gold i don't know have you guys seen the instagram ads for the place because i we all
know the blue aprons and the whatnot's like they deliver the meals and the meals are kind of like
they're ready to go and but their ingredients and then you put them together but but but now it
like evolved into this new thing that's like uh i'm so tired of and it's like it's like a program
where it's always on my instagram it's being advertised and it's just like these young people
are like i can't believe no one ever thought of this before and like it's literally just frozen
dinners like coming to their house like and they it's because they're like who has time to cook
with blue apron like like it's like it's like it's like george jettson like hitting the button and
being like i can't believe i have to hit this button like it's like i can't believe i have to
what what if blue apron came already prepared and it was just frozen and you could put it in
your freezer and like they're advertising all of the merits of like imagine if they were already
and you could just put them in your freezer and then you pull them out when you also also what
if it also what if it wasn't even frozen and it tasted exactly like chipotle
i always want to come but i'm like i don't want i'm 48 years old and i want to be some asshole
that's like you mean in other words tv dinner like because i know if you say it like that they're
gonna i mean you can't you got to be nice i've been coming up and that's more than ever before
and in the pandemic i'm just like coming up with witty retorts and and fun little jokes in the
facebook comments of ads it's great i will say as a guy who as you know is like gorilla tweeting
with a with an anonymous twitter account that has 100 followers like the thing that first of all
like the joy that i never even remembered of like two likes three followers like i'm like oh my god
no wonder this world is fucked like if you have a hundred followers on twitter and you're nobody
like you're fucking obsessed like you get sucked in the the biggest hugest burst of hearts that i
got on twitter was me saying some dumb ass snarky thing in response to a fucking ad it's a great
ad how many likes was that i it was like 50 or something and i went my mind exploded like viral
it was more like my brand's taken off i could be somebody one day like yeah you could be cancelled
by qanon because you're a pedophile like it's like it's funny to like i'm prestigeing with twitter
like i'm playing like level zero and i'm like yeah i'm like i don't want the rocket launcher i want
like i want to experience like actual twitter where i'm i can just like call a hillbilly a hillbilly
and i have no fucking worry about it i'm just like shut up you dumb fuck um and then yeah i think
the name of that handle can you tell us all no no no tmz i think rob is struggling i think rob
needs to hit the head no maybe you can make it you can make it how much time do we have to use
about you gotta follow your goals you got what you got about an hour well if we're going two hours
then yeah we don't have to keep going i mean i don't know how long it's supposed to be also
you have like a virtual background you could just take us into the bathroom i guess yeah it's not
virtual this is a practical you're the guy who has the story about how you how peeing in your pants
liberated you you just to just be right it used to be a liberation now it's just every day yeah now
it now it's like now yeah how the how the eyesight thing is so fucked man like it's the worst
it really is the worst i hate it okay i gotta read a tape measure okay now i can read the
tape measure oh but i can't i don't know where i'm going i might but oh i gotta do then you lose
then you lose the bear but i try i tried those and that's like it seems crazy to have to read
like this and then look at things like this it's i tried it and i yeah i don't do that did you go to
did you go to an optometrist do you have like a new prescription yeah i did go that's the one
that's the i left the house for that that's since election night that was my own like
seeing amelisa one coming up and it's it's it's been a it's been controversial my eyes are
fucked though i can tell they're bad like i'm just like oh constant headache probably need to
get those eyes checked yeah we've really we've we've i've she's made an appointment and i've
been a tyrant and made her reschedule it and then now it's happening next week and i just remembered
that and uh big sick too is going to be a big hit i'm sorry what is the implication there love
don't go don't go to the optometrist you guys know randall park right the yeah see you you
you know he has a and i'm not i don't i don't want to i'm gonna i'm gonna leave out details so
that he doesn't end up his personal life doesn't end up getting affected by this but i think it's
like he's he has a twin brother that works at a optometry place are you sure they're twins
are you sure he said they were twins yeah okay you think he just had the second job is that what
you mean because the because the joke was that like he he was like he he was working at this
place and then he was like and i was like god damn this dude looks and sounds like randall park
and he just randomly saw him yeah that's where you were oh my god and then he was like are you
Dan Harmon and i was like wait a minute what the fuck is going on and and it was like i think you
know my my brother and it was like wait a minute he's like it's my twin brother and i blurred it out
it was like i thought i was racist and he was like you're not racist i go to the same optometrist
and he tells me that story every time i go in about how Dan Harmon was so relieved he wasn't
racist i thought to me that's like a funny thing that you couldn't even write that was it because
we were like i remember it as us like leaping up and down like like as if one of us won the lottery
and and and me going i thought i was racist he's like you're not racist and it was like funny
that's gonna be strange now that he's on one division and like everybody in the world is
watching it and they're just like are you researching for a role what's going on
sorry rock will be you think no i was gonna say something stupid but it has to do with
eyesight i was uh when i went there the last time dan did you do this not the last time but like a
couple times ago they put these drops in your eyes and i was like what's that for but that'll
make your you not blink for like an hour and i'm like so for an hour you're like yeah yeah okay
all right and i go home like that do you want tacos well because they did some kind of thing
and they're like pushing it up against your eye right because they want to like yeah yeah yeah it
makes you not want to blink or not be able to blink not be able to blink so your eyes are like this
and you're like hey not true rob this is amazing with that stuff yeah i'm kind of tired i think i'll
go to bed this is crazy to me that we're reading this book is making me sleepy we have these balls
of gelatin in our skulls and they're melting and from from birth until death and like because
they're melting they're they're becoming less than perfectly spherical and we go to these people and
they like oh all right what is that they look better than that is that like better than that
and now i noticed like uh now the human element is all just follow up it's like we're entering the
concierge phase is uh that that anthropology guy that wrote those books would say like pretty soon
i don't know if they're gonna need a human being there because they they're kind of like the computer
is zeroing in on what my prescription should be i don't even know how the fuck that's possible
but that's what's happening and because the guy that was there like running through the lenses was
like and i'll just make sure now it was like he's working it's like turner he's working for the
computer yeah he's like he's partners with a computer like and it's making it's making his
job more fun they're solving cases but it yeah i but the weirdest thing about it is that then he
said to me like uh well good news yeah your prescription could use a little tweaking um yes
your vision is deteriorating it's deteriorating the amount that it's supposed to in this amount of time
and given your age and all these other statistics like it'll plateau at a certain point but like
they just them knowing it's like your eyes are like ice cubes like like or like ice sculptures
at a party and they're just sort of like yeah the tips of the wings on the swan are like
like they should be pretty much flippers by now but you know the wedding reception's already
started it's like no one cares like like your your your your eyes are just melting in your head
it depreciates as soon as you drive it off the lot yeah there is no you can sell this to anybody
for sure not turn a profit no i went to one of those laser eye places where you go in there and
they're like they fix your they just to see because my eyes are getting it's fucked up you know like
but it used to be that i can't see what's in front of me but i could see really good far away but
but now i can't see far away or what's without my glasses so i went to this doctor and it's like
oh what they do is they slice the top of your eyelid your eye not your eyelid your eye open
and then they kind of clean that with a q-tip and then they melt it back on or whatever but people
have said oh it's great you should do it i go in there and the guy's like yeah your eyes are
are like it's the we could do like one far away and then the other would be for close up so you
would be like doing this all the time and i was like that doesn't seem like a real uh a good use
of my time and i got what wait wait so you'd have like a book reading i and then yeah i'd be like
like right now i'd be like hey guys what's up actually i like this for you i think this is
a game hey it's working it makes you ask you've got a slight 2g ask feel about you now yes i
loved you on searching for italy uh yeah exactly fantastic i used to i used to
isn't that why uh why the the the iconic pirate eye patch thing was not because they lost an eye
in battle but because if you keep one eye in darkness and you use that eye when you're above
deck but if you have to go below deck for any reason where it's dark you use that eye and you
have perfect vision with that eye just you know the most interesting useless shit always that's
the same thing with like it's called myth busters it's called myth busters like they give one leg
a peg and then yeah and then the other one is like normal so when they have to run
well it's because it turns out like if you're making people walk the plank and you have a peg
leg it's a lot easier to get them to walk the plank because they're like because you poke you
just poke them with a peg just poke them also if and that's the reason why they only have one
parrot they only wear one parrot on one shoulder and that's the other shoulder uh never needs
crackers i i mean i forget what the actual reason was but with pirates there was always a reason
always everything was efficient very the yeah the pirates actually always had a parrot on each
shoulder um the their skeletons when we dig them up uh it appears as though they only had one because
they you know people people die on their side people die on their side the upper parrot is exposed
to oxidation no dan that that theory has been debunked the reason why the war is right oh
sure i'm trying to trick us with a steely touche he's taking a touchey pee everybody
he forgot to turn the screen off so it looks like staley touchey's being overtaken by the
fucking death stranding yes well his his new decade he went from he went from Cheapy Peepy
to touchey pee pee to touchey pee pee hashtag everybody hashtag touchey pee pee tonight so
that's gonna be trending that's amazing i i i i i do love his i do love his cnn travel show because
i don't love all travel shows but i i'm so envious of anybody that gets to go travel and eat good
food and stanley touchey's very charming i kind of enjoy him walking around and eating a pizza and
you go oh i would like to have that pizza with stanley touchey wow how are you doing man hey man
you have your cocktail where's your negroni where's your negroni i drink it all
oh boy i'm sorry i would eyes can i did you know that your eyes don't grow the size when
you're a born your eyes are the size that they are for the rest of your life what the fuck yep
that's why baby's eyes baby got big big big beautiful eyes yeah yeah hey i i have an
announcement to make to make uh it's it's only 6 11 here in the los angeles but on the east coast
it's 9 11
uh
i'm distracted by a bit i'm not i'm bailing on the bit it's disrespectful to the audience i got
distracted because i was like oh man if i if i put an image of randy quaid like uh up and then i
like yeah i can do a callback where i like slip out and put up a randy quaid i'm not gonna do it
because it was taking me away from the shape of show um i don't think i was out here i didn't get a
single bit of love for for uh laura i commissioned this after kumail and emily had talked about him
being captain party i was doing this for a long time i got nothing i gave you a phone that i
couldn't know what else i got into a gaptain party and what did you say that night can we try my
bidding and maybe if we're all like petitioning each other for fucking well what are what's in
there what what is in there i can't get it closed i gotta get a new drawer it's
you gotta throw some really clanking those together clink clink clink went the trolley
ding ding ding went the bell who the fuck is Hugh jackman the fuck he's just throwing him in there
wow uh what what's everybody watching whoa listen i'll say it we got really into do you
know musicals jeff i feel like you would know them we've got really into Gene Kelly we've
never seen singing the rain and it's like life-changingly good okay kumail let me pause
you there for a moment i've seen singing the rain a thousand times i watched it two nights ago because
tcm had it on again um so good i so good right before right before you asked that i just referenced
judy garland from meet me in st louis and i don't think anybody maybe emily knew what that was
playing playing with the trolley yes yes yeah so do i know musicals yes i uh i i'm gay but i make
i'm straight but i make no case for it so what should we watch we've seen so far what are the
best ones we've seen break it down we start singing you started off with okay what else
uh the on the town i was gonna be like what's the one where they're out on the town
that i remember on the town is my is not my favorite one of that kind anchors away have you
seen that one no that's one that has jerry in it right the little cartoon mouse uh yeah because
gene kelly dances with jerry the mouse and that's that's uh gene and frank and uh i'm
blanking on the rather characters that one's a good um have you seen have you seen cabaret
no we really want to see cabaret start with captain start with cabaret it is absolutely a
freak out there's nazis there's lesbians there's menace toa um i about a year and a half ago
took acid by myself by the way a lot of musicals have nazis in them for some reason but sorry
for some reason spring time for hitler and you took you took i took a small dose of acid on
my own because somebody had given me some acid and i've only ever done acid in small quantities
i've never gone like on a huge trip i i won't say i recommend it because i don't want to push
you know drug use on the children as i know a lot of our viewers are our youngins um however
if you have the opportunity do a little acid and watch cabaret it's a freaking freak out
uh i had to hit pause after the opening number like um this movie lives inside my brain for
the rest of my life it's very very good i want that we we tried watching one last night that
rob uh mentioned a lot called all that jazz and it's a movie directed by Bob Fosse about the
life of Bob Fosse and the whole movie is about women trying to fuck him and his biggest problem is
all women want to do is fuck him and he wrote when he's a kid when he's an adult doesn't matter
women want to yeah i was going to recommend that as an anti-musical and that's a real goodie and
ray shiter is tremendous in it and it's there's more drug use in that than most movies have
and also if you want to go also on a on a weird anti-musical trip uh pennies from heaven with
uh steve martin bernadette peters and christopher walken does a tap routine strip tease that is
worth watching uh it's a very dark musical it's like it's not supposed to be musicals are supposed
to be uplifting and upbeat and you know everybody wins these are depressing where everybody is
you know like but basically we're all decaying all dying pennies heaven heaven takes place
uh i'm gonna save that for post vaccine the fossey vernon uh mini series with sam rockwell
is really good i mean i guess if you were into like all that jazz or or or like cabaret or
anything like that he chose like the making of it and they're really really it's really great
it's really cool in in anchors away there is a scene that i've watched a million times uh
jean kelly dances with a peasant mexican girl in alvera streets and he thinks that he's lost
his girl to frank sanatra he doesn't know that it's not the case he thinks he's losing the girl
to his friend and he's like you know what good for him and he's heartbroken and he sees a little
peasant girl played not by a mexican girl it's actually a little white girl in dark makeup but
they do a dance where he says you know i can't have her so i'll i'll dance with this child
that song makes me cry that number makes me cry every time it's just good okay that's next then
yeah that's and also we've all anything between fred and ginger musicals are always good uh like
yeah get up on those get up on the swing time high hat we we watched a viva las vegas i don't
know if that's a musical but that was a ton of fun i don't know that elvis elvis and margaret
viva las vegas that movie's fucking weird that movie ends with a car crash where at least four
people are murdered and then people they just start singing and it's like no there's the race
absolute a blood there is in the car and and and margaret is in in short shorts and pantyhose
and elvis i think is too it's pretty hot uh i i gotta i gotta i gotta correct you there
she's not wearing short shorts she's just wearing pantyhose as fucking pants that's right
it's black opaque number yeah she's just hanging out in a sweater and pantyhose she had to get on
set they had a skirt but she was like i gotta go i gotta go it's starting and then she has like
crazy dancing style and like like like yeah she's just like on fire yeah like those those movies
are like i i mean well that movie anyway i think maybe it's not true of all i mean i haven't seen
clam bake but um i like do the clam do the clam it's interesting some of these movies are like
garbage but like how many other elements other than the things that make a movie garbage if they're
all slid up to ten can the movie be good like i've had that affection for zanadu because i'm like
like everything about zanadu like it seems determined to make this movie bad like it
doesn't have all these fundamental things that a movie's supposed to have but then it has all of
these like it's just like all these other dials have been turned up to ten uh uh uh it's it's yeah
i like that's what that's exactly what viva las vegas says you're like this is not a good movie but
i'm having a blast watch it's all the viva las vegas reminds me a lot of zanadu because they're
because and i i wouldn't doubt that there was like a lot of influence there because there's the there's
the montage that represents and margaret and uh Elvis falling in love and it's like a montage of like
that involves teleportation time travel like they're just like they're they're just like cowboys and
yes oh well let's just spend the day together and like all of a sudden they're like shooting each
other in an old west town and there's no explanation for it and it's very much like in zanadu when
it's like they have a thin justification for it where it's like oh i'm getting to know you and
like let's roller skate through this place where records are made um which of course involves like
all of the you can hit a button and these things will come down and blow fog at you and then you'll
turn into a cartoon bird uh it just goes to show you it doesn't fucking matter um the kind of in
and out of like like we don't hold well wait a minute why are they falling in love like like like
like movies that movies that hold themselves to an internal logic only insult us by trying to make it
about their playlists uh on spotify they're like the 90s version of that where they're like you like
the pixies i like the pixies and then it's like oh so that's supposed to make me believe that you'd
take a bullet for her that's your version and but then before that it was just like oh well
we're dancing you know and that's like i don't know we're not gonna bother trying to show you
logically why it is that you love this person um we're gonna actually just express the feelings
that you have um uh when you when you love that person um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
really important garbage just what happened what was that i think dan i i i mean this and with all
fondness this has taken me back to meltdown comics because there's that moment when like you would
have already had a couple kettle ones before the show but then there's that threshold where you get
into complete like uh downhill skiing mode where it's my favorite part of the show here's a
here's a topic this is this is the last topic that i wrote down it doesn't mean that this is a thing
but um uh my my beautiful niece i think she's four my niece to be whatever the niece of my fiance
um she's she's in this phase she's been in it for a while she loves dancing she loves singing
she just performs sometimes she steals her mom's camera and she makes like little videos of herself
sometimes mom is participating and mom's like filming the videos we'll get the videos um
and uh she'll be like dancing around and then um uh she'll say at the end of it like if things don't
go in her mind perfectly because you know she's four so she's she's got some kind of job to do
in her head and i guess that's the thing that's fascinating to me is that at the it like like
she'll do like there'll be this video of her like jumping around the living room
singing and dancing gibberish doing like this stuff that's just it's just joyful
and then at the end of it she'll like go toward the camera if her mom's holding it and be like
delete it she has this like impulse in her that's like and we were just puzzling over that
was just i was like what wait why delete it like what did she think she did wrong there she's four
like like and um i'm just kind of and i'm not like i was thinking about it today and it was like
it not being cynical about it i think it's an uplifting thing because i don't think that
that's congenital i don't think that human beings are born with shame i think that human beings are
born with a like a desire to get everything right and and then we're like constantly monitoring
the grown-ups around us for cues about because one thing kodi pointed out and kodi's 12 years
younger than me but she and i both agreed like delete it is not in your vocabulary like when
we were kids um there's nothing to delete like god uh you know uh god willing something that
you could do would be forever whether it's your little handprint in cement or when vhs camcorders
came out and it was just like we would watch three hours of ourselves like rolling around in the
grass there was no input there was never back then it was like erase that erase that and now
there is four four-year-olds which i think is so interesting and not in a cynical way again i think
they're picking up on this idea that like well they know that information is now there's a surplus
of it and they're like no no no no delete that like they're curating it yeah she's like she's
like don't but i was just trying to figure out what she meant and so i think for her it might
am is like like i think she might have gotten a reaction from her mom that maybe because she
did like a little thing you know like four-year-olds will do she like she like put her sleeve off her
shoulder at the end of her dance and her mom had this reaction that was understandably it was a gas
because it was like yeah the fuck um what is that and i think that she interpreted that reaction
from her mom in the very moment was like you touched a hot stove you stood at the top of stairs
you didn't usually like delete it maybe because then there's another video that like like where
her older brother is like doing a performance and then the little sister comes in and interrupts it
like she steals the spotlight and he goes delete it i understand that that's a tantrum that's orson
welles he's going like i'm trying to make something perfect here and now you may as well throw it away
uh that that was like delete it he was saying delete it like you know i hate my sister like
like i can't believe she came in and ruined my masterpiece that i and i was like oh i would get
that if i was like you would you would wield delete it the same way you would say like okay i
don't want a fire truck then or like you know like throwing it across the room but i like it just like
i don't think that we need to get over our shame i think that we need to accept it and realize that
we have it like and we're putting it into our children and like like like she doesn't know what's
right or wrong yet she but she already knows that there's such a thing is okay what's going on over
here what okay no i'm not i'm not you finished it but half of it's in the toilet it doesn't count
it's not it's not astounding gonna start over yeah i kind of feel like there's like the developmental
stage of a kid at that age kind of thinks oh everyone knows this routine i came up with so they
all realize that i fucked it up like everyone knows i fucked up this routine whereas to you
it looks like a random thing that she's like freeway right like so you think that she thought
that other kids i guess i don't know her i don't know yeah i don't i don't have enough information
about who she thinks is gonna see the video and or even just like yeah everyone knows like everyone
knows i messed up that one step so now we have to like do this again i have to delete it but really
like nobody knows you're just flailing you're a child part of me thinks though that like i truly
think that like the big that i think she's so young that i think that um and this is total
speculation but um i think that the the the primary way of her enjoying those videos is that she
watches them back with her mom and i think and i think she has an impulse embedded in her that's
like get rid of the bad one i don't want to watch that one with you again i don't want to witness
it with you kind of thing but that's just me simplifying something because from my view her
life is simple like you said she could have a whole fucking she's got a master plan she's
doing she's got a whole she's got a whole civilization in her world like she's got best friends and
yeah i didn't thought about that honestly like i don't know four year olds like do they i know
they don't have phones but do they do they do their videos get like circulated among their
are they probably oh god that's such a scary thought that's that's a horrifying thought
i don't like it like it's like i'm friends with your mom and your mom texted this video of me
belly we get dancing we get we get videos of like your friends like daughter singing and stuff
we do yeah but she's like eight nine like she's a little bit older yeah well now but we've been
getting them for years for many years that's right there was this great moment where so can i can i
talk about this yeah just don't use any games she was a lot younger she's five years old and she's
got like uh she's got how would you it's benicio del Toro sorry it's the cousin right so it's two
little girls right so they're both gonna improvise songs and then making a video and uh the first
girl sings and they're both five like we know these kids and she's singing she makes up a song
she's like a leaf a tree a horse and it's this beautiful song and then it goes to the and then
it goes to the other girl and she's four years old and she she gears up and she sings i am going
to kill myself it's one of my favorite videos i watch it maybe
so many times because when you watch it it's a beautiful moment right before she sings where
that hasn't happened to the adults in the room yet like you see it and then the other kids
starts being like i didn't tell her to say that that was her song i had nothing to do with it
it's insane to me that our perception of children is that we're waiting for them to let us know like
what's going on in their heads and sort of like we do perceive them as like receiving instruction
from us but not on the level that we really are instructing them and not understanding that the
entire time that all they're doing is going they're monitoring us and going like i don't know what do
you want for dinner like it it's like and then they they're like we're all like we're just going like
where did you come up with that why did you just like come into the room and talk and say that like
weird frasiery thing that where you're it indicates that you're upset with us and you're being passive
aggressive like you're sending all these social cues but all they're doing is like studying our
eyebrows and our tone of voice and they're just they're just these like giant little spongy brains
that are like they're just throbbing and going like am i a spartan am i a greek am i am i an
eskimo like like you tell me what culture i'm living in and what set of behaviors is going to
impress you guys and i'll fucking do it and and they're just like mashing at buttons and then we
react to them we go like whoa and then sometimes us reacting like to that triggers shame for them
sometimes it makes them go oh i shouldn't have done that and sometimes it like hits their dopamine
spike and they go like oh i i'm gonna be a dj like i just did this thing right like i want to be a
superstar i want to blow minds i i feel like i can reach back in my memory and along those
behavioral patterns and go like i learned very quickly like my parents opinion of what i was
doing meant jack shit compared to company like if people are coming over if i can get them to
react in any way my parents are gonna be dragged along like like whether they like it or not they're
gonna be like sony and the company is the nielson's like it's just like well i don't get it and we told
them we don't get it in development but god damn it now it's a hit and like i i feel like i have
emotional memories of that experience and i think it's crazy that along with that comes like people
are saying delete it a four-year-old going delete it delete that one that one of me stumbling around
like a goofball something that when i'm 30 i would i would just drink like nectar because i'll only
have so much time and like i'll see baby videos of myself and i'll be like oh my god you deleted any
of them that four she's like going no burn it put it to send it to the incinerator cut print
that one no delete it like i won't have anyone see that one that's not what happened but i don't
even know if they have the same relationship with stuff being permanent like to me like i didn't i
never even saw a camcorder till i was a teenager so i didn't even like think about that being a
possibility but to grow up with the knowledge that like it could all just like exist forever or maybe
not maybe it doesn't even mean the same thing to them do you know what i mean like that's what i'm
kind of struggling with like it does you know by delete it does she mean um before it ends up on
facebook and gets me canceled or does she mean um i don't want that to be part of goodnight moon
i i i don't i don't want that to be canon uh yeah that's right i think it's the latter i
think that's what i think for them it's like i think the kids these days hate getting canceled
and they're super aware yeah four-year-olds hate cancel culture i want to i want to so you
know in this pandemic since in the beginning quarantine i was very very stressed out and
things were is it okay if i change the subject uh yeah no i mean i think we've yeah um and so i'm
like very grateful to the things that have like helped uh us get through it and one of them
rob knows this is found crap that you made brought us so much joy and i honestly would watch
we've been watching this all quarantine and then i felt so much like genuine like gratitude watching
this it's like so full of joy and fun so so i want to tell people if you can are they available
anywhere rob no i've been doing him just live you know it's kind of like a one i'll do repeats
over once in a while but i'll just be like tune in on at 530 you know Schrab Home Video
home video dot com and i'll show something callie's been opening the show with just playing music
and spencer and jeff have kind of interviewed her and then we roll into clips like like what
Harmon and i used to do at sinna family uh at the theater there and then and then we do an unpack
the crap where we talk about the clips because people want to go where's that clip from and
then we talk about like that it's so good people watch him whenever whenever i'm pretty much doing
it just for you to yeah we love it so much we're like whatever you can get get that text i'm like
so excited uh emily and camille because i don't watch a lot of stuff i watch i watch tcm i watch
old movies mostly uh and i watch them the same movies a hundred times over uh give me something
that i should be watching something new that you think that i might i might dig oh that's
that's we've watched so much stuff it's a little overwhelming uh something new emily what did we
watch it's it's hard well think think about it because i i just bored the audience to pieces
about my love of musicals so if you guys have a tp or uh that was very exciting to me also
documentaries i love it this documentary i haven't seen uh laid on me i feel like all
the documentaries are now is like murder it's probably the husband but maybe not but it is
always the husband yeah usually it's all true crime docs now i don't i don't i that's i haven't seen
any that are not true crime i think that michael jordan one was good and i don't like that was good
yeah yeah that i don't think you i don't think you have to like sports at all to like that
documentary because it's just it's just about like just a bunch of crazy circumstances and characters
i just started the girl in the dale what's that the lady in the veil the lady in the dale and
and it's fascinating have you made it all the way through that one i have not i've not watched that
one yet but i wanted to i i just watched the first one it's very interesting i yeah and what's the
purpose for those our audience at home uh it's best that you don't know what the premise is it's
it's i'll i'll try to it's a it's a con man who is kind of like a catch me if you can kind of a
person that just kind of goes down a row a row of just conning conning conning conning conning
and and gets like a moment in the sun in the 70s during like the gas crisis
and uh it's like delivering like a this is a new car that's going to save the world
oh and then and then you find out a lot oh it's so it's like someone trying to
sell an electric vehicle and it seems like it's some sort of elizabeth holmes thing where they
don't really have it i don't know if it's a little electric it's definitely like that elizabeth
holmes thing but it i don't think it's an electric car i think it's just it has it's a car with three
wheels so they thought it would use less gas that makes sense one less wheel yeah yeah that's what the
gas goes it goes to the wheels it keeps the wheels inflated so i figured with the elizabeth holmes
thing is amazing that she was like it's a box that tells you if you have anything um look just make
the box and then it was like other people are like the inside of the box is tricky because there's uh
we got it this uh it takes your blood and then it takes it inside the box and then showing these
animations and this is blood the kebler elves take it they take it like drop a blood here
there's a bloody box and i don't like that netflix has created a new genre called this should have
been a 90 minute movie documentary or not and in any case is now a 10 episode series i am offended
i am made to feel old i don't like frankly i'm gonna get cancelled for saying it
here's the thing about one division i know it's not netflix i'm saying i'm talking about streaming
now what netflix has created you wouldn't be able to have a pilot like that in the days when that's
correct i like like and i i get it it's like like i understand it's because like oh appointment
viewing and all this stuff but there was a craft to it this makes me feel so old i'm like you can't
you can't just say that on episode three things are gonna start making sense that's not allowed
they're leading on the marvel name like the marvel name is like trust us yeah i don't like that either
i don't like i don't like that i don't like watching a tv show whose parent company is also
like like they're like oh here be confused something that would get Dan Harmon fired in 2006
which is just like using a genre to tell a story but like you know fuck you if you want details
go eat a dick we'll see you in episode two here's five minutes of credits episode two starts
hey here's a little more fuck you sideways fuck you at an angle oh here you go with a
episode three like we'll give you 45 seconds at oh maybe the hulk farted i don't know here's cat
dining show explain it all now meeting with the goddess like this is a pilot it's a pilot
called one division it's a good pilot but here's the problem you'd have that shit in a half an
hour and your second episode fucking one division have to be fighting corrupt lumberjacks and it
had to be fucking good you see that they see the night stalker uh the nbc or not nbc the Netflix
thing you see that yeah kind of kind of a bum bummer i mean the whole thing was kind of like okay
we're going to buy guns like all of them now right oh because you're scared well for me the
weird thing was that the two cops that they follow don't do anything they never catch the night
stalker they got the shoe they got the shoe print kumail yeah all they do is over and over get the
same fucking shoe print and the the document presents them as like the heroes like these are
the two guys they did nothing there was another guy who got like in another town who got the bracelet
beat up a guy the guy was like this is who the night stalker is yeah yeah it was not like
detecting they were just like oh my god look at that guys i got i'm gonna beat the hell out of you
yeah some other person just beat up somebody and told him who the night stalker was there was no
like detective work going on yeah he killed like 40 people in the same shoe and these guys just
like collected the shoe prints over and over he killed 40 people in the same shoe a rare shoe
a rare that's our guy that's yeah like this one terrible crimes they're like serialization
serialization in television is like gravity it exists it will exist no matter what you do
your job as a tv crafts person is to fight it i feel the same way about serialization and
and killers if you want your television story to stay aloft it is by fighting my serialization
modularity episodic-ness that's why it's not a movie isn't it also true that now
when you're making a show for like NBC it's got a it's it's everybody's got that but if you've
bought the streaming service you're already in the pocket for whatever they're putting on so
that's what i don't like is that these kids now are going like here's my pitch for a show
in episode one there's a zombie and then you and then it's like whoa what's with the zombie but
also he has a wedding ring and then um he takes a shit and the toilet's like whoa give me the
wedding ring and you're like what's going on i'll skip over episode two tell you buy the show but
here's what happens in episode three here's my point the toilet makes rings that fight zombies
oh that's a pilot i that's my point is that you can't like that's now how shows are being pitched
like like the market has been inflated people are like now pitching streaming services they're
going i have a pitch for a show for you and they pitch a 10 episode story where they include and
i i'm not just farting out of my butthole here i'm that's what that's what streaming services want
though i think i've i've been developing well yeah i know because they keep buying this shit yeah but no
but they actually went well like can you add some some serialized ellen like they want it like they
wanted to see more more stuff yeah and they're like slow down whoa what do you mean morc and
Mindy slow down episode one is morc and then episode four season one is Mindy like and there's an egg
in the yard and it's like what's with that egg like that's the problem is that i like like like
it's it's like there used to be this like for bad reasons there was good things happening which was
like we got to keep this audience we have to assume the customer is always right the customer in tv
is an asshole who has no shits to give tuning in at any moment in your half hour of derivative
garbage and they could leave it any second and you got to hook them you got to hook them with
fucking craft mama jamma and i think there's something i can't shake like the goodness of
that when i watch these shows where i'm like when i watch wandavision i go like this production
design is amazing there's genius happening here i've seen a lot of people homage
the 50s air of television this makeup and these sets and the cinematography this is like
great and but i'm like god damn it um oh wait you did you cringe rub you disagree you're like
oh no oh you're cringing because you're like i can't believe he's going after wandavision
why no i haven't seen i don't i i was just i'm just saying man i'm bored a little i i'm sorry
i got you guys just a little bit more yeah i mean i haven't seen the show i mean i wasn't going to
watch it but the old chit chat since we're on the topic of like disney plus like anybody's
going doing the deep dive on uh the cat from outer space or the shaggy da or any any of that
shit like kate didn't know any of that stuff i said oh we gotta watch the cat from outer space
and i put it on in like two seconds in she's like going fuck this movie what about like do they have
like the computer war tennis shoes and all those things yeah they have that they have like escape
to which bar that is a weird time of of of disney where they were just like trying to figure it out
it's like you're like bunch of premises it was a lot of premises yeah it's really strange you see
like one of the cat from space yeah cat from outer space he's got a magic necklace that makes him
move shit around and his lips don't move when he talks and hey you know that was like a million
dollar something or the goose with the golden something like that there was one like that
yeah i watched all those yeah wasn't court rustling like 15 of them oh yeah they had actors in the
stable it's like kurt rustle was like friend jody foster too uh who else there was another guy that
was in like all those disney movies and like he and kurt rustle were buddies because frank johnson
another famous guy and it was like because they were just disney property and they would just be
in these movies i can't remember who the other that's like when carpenter was a million dollar duck
yeah that's what yeah it was a million dollar duck that's exactly the one i was trying to take
yeah yeah it's just like the love bug and stuff combine them yeah car that talks here you go cat
from space here you go guy got really smart here you go yeah make a movie come on make a new one
what's a new one right now go do it good oh my god a dog he is a serial killer
that dog he's a serial killer it's not i mean that's it's not kujo because it's like the dog is
the dog has an m o the dog has a signature like the dog is doing it for a reason that's the day
it would be interesting like we found urine all over this body it's the third time with
someone beat all over this guy i think it's called the best friend of sam that's that what
have you did like one in that style with that music and like the same like voice casting and
stuff like that and the the dog is walking around it's like wow what about her what about her that's
but right yeah do you guys think dogs understand the length of the walk because i feel like sometimes
Cody and i are like i got too much going on yeah me too and like we'll take them on our what we call
the short walk which is we take them down you're tricking them you're tricking them into thinking
that they've done the full walk when they actually don't think that they their behavior to me seems
like they if they don't get the walk they start going out of their goddamn minds but then it
doesn't matter i think it's a human thing that it'd be like that walk was hardly anything like the
ritual of harnessing them up and taking them out like like i'll take them down to a cul-de-sac and
we bring them back up cul-de-sac what am i fucking all of this um let it go uh the the but or we'll
take them around the block but the 85 000 blocks like they act the same when we bring them back
they're never like that's their television that's their tv yeah but they don't they if they get if
they get two minutes of night writer as opposed to 22 minutes to they act as if they've seen a whole
episode of night writer that's why they press where they're like this walk didn't have the full story
i don't want to go third walk it feels like you just like sniff shit and i'm like like like all
sometimes i'll let them sniff shit until they're done i always do Cody's like she'll she's not above
like come on and i'm like how whoa but like they'll sniff shit and then like you take them around
they're just sniffing shit they're barking at other dogs then they get back home and they're like
thank you like before that they're like you would think that you were killing them by not taking
them for a walk they're like and then like you but you could take them for like a two second walk
and then they're like they're like combined it's a binary i'm exhausted like they don't it's like
they have like a circadian rhythm or whatever you call it they they understand days but they
don't understand hours i think it's similar just sounds like dan go ahead emily i think it's similar
to like ladies like me for instance going out sometimes we're like getting ready to go out
it's like the most fun part of the night and then you get there and you're like this sucks why am i
here and then you're like i can just leave now so the putting on of the harness that like that
like anticipation that's the money shot the rest of it is like kind of useless maybe that makes sense
that i mean that that that makes me able to relate to it too i think i felt that way too about going
out where i'm like i don't need to be out for six hours just because i haven't been out for six months
it's i do need to have gone out it's like a punctuation i need to have gone out that's that's
what it is i need to emily always says she's like the best part is having said that you went to the
party yeah it's like it's like that's the typewriter going like at the end of a otherwise you're just
like typing forever and it would the dog the dog is perceiving that the typewriter cylinder is
is going out the door there i made it understandable with my metaphor
with my keen understanding of old-timey typewriters and dogs i have i have as a lot of the situation
everyone gets it now dan have you still been playing death stranding ever have you stopped have you
given up i stopped death stranding drove me back into woodwork um was it the problem that it was
just that the game is walking and trying to balance and it's like that's the game i'm not sure
there's a here's an alternate theory i was i i had peaked with satisfactory and like whatever game
i played next was going to be like just whatever wait what's satisfactory it's like minecraft but
you just make machines and factories it's really good oh it's the best it's really good satisfactory
you make like a mining machine that pulls iron out of the ground and you process
with the status factory yeah the name i you know yeah uh but um it's it's so great yeah it's just
like that's yeah we're playing hickman the new hit man it's really and we're doing lego we're
putting lego stuff together yeah we've made it next to one and now we're making a batwing from
the 1989 great batman yeah i've been streaming i stream on twitch you guys and i'm plugging
that twitch.tv slash the sixler but i've been playing minecraft again i don't know if you've
played vanilla minecraft in forever dan but like they made a nether update where like the nether's
got all this crazy shit in it now and they just made a cliffs and caves update so there's these
massive underground uh cave complexes that are submerged it's like it's crazy how different it
is from like really you know yeah i mean did they add anything like like would they just add to
vanilla minecraft just add like a little bit of hopper functionality where you could like sort things
they still don't have that they have a lot more but yeah it's it's a bum you really just want some
items so well that's no you should plug away people should be watching you on twitch i also
i've also wrote a dnd module as everyone knows i have a dungeon master um but i wrote another
dnd module uh it's called the jungle of wayward wilds it's uh at twitter it's at the sixler itch.io
and it's like uh it's kind of based on the lost woods from zelda if anyone likes zelda it's like
it's i think it's really cool i've run it a bunch of times it's a lot of fun but you could get that so
i you know the plugging wasn't my idea for coming on this show but you know come on come on you guys
yeah come on you should get something out of this for god let's let's let's let's let's do a plug
fest rob uh besides a plug Schrab home video again and anything else you got going oh i didn't mean
to end the show oh okay well i mean like i got Schrab home video i got Schrab home video
every sunday i try to do something follow me on instagram twitter and facebook to find out when
and where i like promoting weird stuff check it out i also got a lot of t-shirts on sale
we bought three of them they're fantastic pretty good get that try blend i gotta tell you that's a
good quality shirt the actual material oh really it's not it's not that hard yeah it's not like
that weird thick it's like a good quality shirt yep yep yeah we bought camille and emily you got
anything to plug um i'm gonna plug washing your hands wearing a mask wow yeah well i i dot com
dot com dot com what do you do from you ruining your hands like my my skin's falling off like
i'm washing it so much you got it you gotta moisturize jack you gotta moisturize next to the soap but
then i didn't then i i'm just washing my hands again well um everybody what are you plugging
i'll plug the non ganimax that's the vaccine i got uh it works really really well it's a good
vaccine i it's it's a really good vaccine i think it's under sold check it out new york time give
give us a good review it's kid tested and mother approved but it's made for a woman
oh dan wrote a jingle
non ganimax
gives you heart attacks if you take too much if you take too much which you shouldn't
this tempo and it's not conducive to freestyling i don't know what that was just random chords playing
so i but yeah the jingle like the vaccine is 70 effective it's we're it's we're working on it
and it's um we're excited about it definitely don't take too much yeah yes and and and only
only old people get it yeah it's right now we're only doing 65 plus but for the for the rest of
the year one named amber if your name is amber you can get a vaccine ambers and plus 65 that's it yeah
yeah we're going alphabetically and numerically at the same time but they're criss-crossing so
oldest people and ambers first and then it's going to end up with youngest newborn people
with names last name begins with x yeah are going to be dead they're going to be as good as dead
sorry about that y and z you get left out so any uh you're not in the eulandas or is yeah or
zebrinas i don't know what his name is or maybe hey do you guys know that spencer and i have a
podcast that's going to come up very soon maybe even in a day or two is called that happens
we got that happens uh happening and uh if you go to that happens pod right spencer oh yeah
that happens pod on all the things instagram twitter even a dot com and coming soon ready
then discord maybe i don't know i don't know we got a jingle for that too here's the jingle for that
and by that i mean fun that happens entertainment on the run since pandemics everyone has nothing
to do so what happens come join me in you my name is spencer i'm here to say i like to roll
some dice today i might as well do it with jeff the problem i have the problem i have with
that jingle is the stretching of the idea of laughing into something that rhymes with jeff
uh i i thought that was cheap yeah the the problem with jeff is that you get there's death
there's a chef and there's treble clef well maybe you should write a jingle while you
do a podcast with spencer okay what's your podcast about yeah oh i guess you're gonna
have to go find out Kumail Nanjiani you're gonna have to come check it out it's just about nothing
it's not about it it's deeper okay wow we uh spence spencer and i have already done two episodes
we haven't dropped in yet we're about to and we have generated a new dnd character for me or
is it a spoiler if i announce announce what my character is oh go ahead jeff now i'm gonna save
it it's gonna be good i basically a cat swashbuckler i'm a i'm a tabaxi swashbuckler so basically i
i'm i'm pushing boots but i'm gonna be fucking awesome it's like if bone weevil was a cat and
knew how to work on a boat so yeah there you are it's gonna be good stuff really that happens
god.com it sounds like a front like i think it's like money laundering like it's not a real practice
like when you go into our median like uh alterations place and they're like oh we do alterations
and you're like you don't yeah there's a restaurant by us that we're like the food is not good enough
for the massive space you have here cash only 57 dollars for a salad here's a whoa whoa really
you're staying here huh okay one time we went and there were four tables and we were like can we
sit there like the food's gonna take two hours we were like what they're like i mean we're really
busy so it's gonna be a long time before we you can order it now it's a front well we will call
that bluff look we're gonna sit here we're waiting for our food all right well we were like we just
want omelettes it takes no time at all we just want the omelettes i i called up a tv repair man
that is in my neighborhood that's right near a place where i hang out and uh i never saw anybody
ever go in or out of the tv repair shop but i my tv was on the fritz years ago and i
called them up i'm like hey i got this tv and i think the light bulb has gone out that's how old
it was the tv had a light bulb everybody and uh the guy's like uh yeah okay let me call you back
and he called back and said yeah it's going to be like three thousand dollars i called somebody
else like yeah it's like a hundred dollars so that's a front they're saying uh you could come in there
we can we will find you a light bulb for your tv but it's going to cost you a lot of money
to to take time out of our busy uh money laundering and heroin dealing you know
it's a little cross from the drawing room that's behind i wasn't gonna say so Emily but yes it is
that's because they they kept expanding and they kept making it look more like a home but if you
walked in there which you can't because the door's never open but you look in the yes they do have
three or four tvs and it looks like maybe somebody in there is slightly interested in
the tv repair trade however call them on the phone and ask them uh for a quote and i think they really
want you to go fuck off and then ask whether you know they want to go look for their heroin
heroin shipment or something i feel like a whole strip mall across from the drawing room
including yield rustic like that entire strip mall is just like like ben afleck's character in the
accountant like is just like keeping the whole thing going it's like oh there's like a apple repair
store that never has any any cables and then there's like a realty place that and then there's a
you know there's like an art also there's like an art studio that sells clothes on occasion i don't
it doesn't make any sense well now those are all gone all there remains is these the strange uh
uh like real estate like sotheby's or whatever the hell yes i guess right you've never seen anybody
go in or out of that building that is certainly a brothel i guarantee you it is a it is a it is a
q and a so people walk in they go like i'm looking for a flat two level ranch with maybe uh maybe
the backyard's a little very good sir right this way very good brothel beast is brothel beast anything
brothel beast there we go i think we i think we have an episode title i think we finally got our
episode title brothel beast brothel beast brothel beast well my name is okay okay all right i i i
think on emily slam dunk i think we can call tonight thank you so much emily and kumail for
joining us thank you for having us that was so so lovely to see your faces and um hopefully we'll
all hang hang out in person very soon and uh take the take the vaccines people yeah yes get that uh
uh what's it called Nanjiani max it's not covered by it's not been approved by the fda it is not
covered by insurance okay expensive yeah but it's great i think the Nanjiani max uh slogan and creed
is uh the fda approval is for assholes because on the bottle of Nanjiani max on the vial that you
get it says let's roll the dice actually it says garlic flavor it just says garlic if you peel
back the label it says garlic don't take too much all right well let's say goodbye to kumail
and uh and emily thank you so much thank you i love you what a joy also rob Schrab we love you and
adore you go check out uh Schrab home video because there's always a groove and a gas and uh you will
dig it uh spencer crittenden uh check out our new podcast that happens you can find us at
that happens dot com or that happens probably whatever the hell i have a patreon about storytelling
you can find me on patreon dan uh what are you plugging what are you working on right now nothing
don't don't patronize me don't subscribe to me don't cancel me don't don't monitor me
leave me alone get out of my life get out of my face get off my radar uh put me off your grid
cliffhanger good night everybody we did it dan see you later see you soon
you
did you get any of that it's a good a show